feat(ena_deposition): Make deposition a package instead of multiple snakemake rules (#2976)
loculus-project/loculus: ena-submission/README.md

# ENA Submission

## Cronjob

### get_ena_submission_list

> This script runs daily in a cron job, it calls the loculus backend (`get-released-data`), obtains a new list of sequences that are ready for submission to ENA and sends this list as a compressed json file to our slack channel. Sequences are ready for submission IF:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script runs once daily as a kubernetes cronjob. It calls the Loculus backend (`/get-released-data`), computes a new list of sequences that are ready for submission to ENA and sends this list as a compressed json file to our slack channel. Sequences are ready for submission IFF:
```

  - data is not in the `ena-submission.submission_table`
  - as an extra check we discard all sequences with `ena-specific-metadata` fields

## Threads

> The ena_deposition package, runs the following subfunctions in parallel:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ena_deposition package, runs the following functions in parallel (via threads):
```
